README.md, before:

# What is this

EOTAUpdate is a library for ESP32 that can periodically check for available updates, fetch and
flash them with minimal configuration.
- It works over secured and non-secured HTTP connections.
- It fetches a text file that states which is the latest version and where to find it
- By default it checks for updates every hour

# Setup

- Copy the file ota/cfg.txt to a server that can be reached by your ESP32 and update the fields as needed.

-  The file contains three lines, the URL to the firmware to install, a number representing its version and
  a description of the version (this is optional and only used in logs).

- Add the following lines to the beginning your main.cpp

      #include <EOTAUpdate.h>
      const unsigned VERSION_NUMBER = 1;
      const String   UPDATE_URL     = "https://myserver/ota/cfg.txt";
      EOTAUpdate updater(UPDATE_URL, VERSION_NUMBER);

- And in the loop() function call:

      updater.CheckAndUpdate();

# Release an update

When releasing an update remember to

- Update the constant VERSION_NUMBER in your code, otherwise you might end up with an update loop
- Upload the firmware to the sever
- Update the cfg.txt with the newly released version number and string

Commit message:

Add MD5 validation
The configuration file can now contain an MD5 string for the firmware
binary.
If it's present, updates will checked against said MD5 and aborted if it
differs.

README.md, after:

# What is this

EOTAUpdate is a library for ESP32 that can periodically check for available updates, fetch and
flash them with minimal configuration.
- It works over secured and non-secured HTTP connections.
- It fetches a text file that states which is the latest version and where to find it
- By default it checks for updates every hour

# Setup

- Copy the file ota/cfg.txt to a server that can be reached by your ESP32 and update the fields as needed.

-  The file contains four lines, the URL to the firmware to install, a number representing its version, an optional MD5 of the binary
   and an optional description of the version.
   If not including optional field, leave an empty line in its place.

- Add the following lines to the beginning your main.cpp

      #include <EOTAUpdate.h>
      const unsigned VERSION_NUMBER = 1;
      const String   UPDATE_URL     = "https://myserver/ota/cfg.txt";
      EOTAUpdate updater(UPDATE_URL, VERSION_NUMBER);

- And in the loop() function call:

      updater.CheckAndUpdate();

# Release an update

When releasing an update remember to

- Update the constant VERSION_NUMBER in your code, otherwise you might end up with an update loop
- Upload the firmware to the sever
- Update the cfg.txt with the newly released version number and string
